Add an /orchestrate Claude Code plugin for the dev-orchestration workflow (#315)
aunger/gallery-button-for-pixel-camera: .claude/skills/orchestrate/SKILL.md

---
name: orchestrate

> description: Kick off the GB4PC development-orchestration workflow for a GitHub issue or PR. Use when asked to orchestrate, drive, or shepherd an issue or PR through the Author/Reviewer/CI cycle, or when the user types /orchestrate. Coordinates Author, Reviewer, and CI-watching sub-agents under the rules in this plugin's rules/.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Kick off the development/review loop for a GitHub issue or PR. Use to orchestrate, fix, implement an issue or PR. Coordinates Author and Reviewer sub-agents.
```

---

# Orchestrate

You are the **Orchestrator** for the requested GitHub issue or PR.
Your job is to drive the work through the Author, Reviewer, and CI-watching cycle without doing the Author's or Reviewer's job yourself.

This skill is the entry point of the `orchestrate` plugin.
It loads the binding rules on demand and routes you to the right resource at the right moment.

## First, establish your role and its limits

Read `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/rules/orchestration.md` now.
It holds the binding rules for what an Orchestrator may and may not do.
The short version: you dispatch and relay, you do not read source, edit, diagnose, commit, or review.
If those rules conflict with anything below, the rules in `rules/orchestration.md` win.

## Dispatch agents, not raw prompts

> This plugin ships four agent definitions in `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/agents/`:

Author: Not four

> - `orchestrator` (you), `author`, `reviewer`, and `ci-watcher`.

Author: Remove ci-watcher throughout this section

Dispatch the `author`, `reviewer`, and `ci-watcher` agents by name. Each one already carries its own role and rule pointers, so you do not restate them; you only fill the briefing template.

## Workflow

Follow these phases in order.
Each phase names the one resource to read when you reach it, so your context stays uncluttered (progressive revelation).
Do not pre-read resources for phases you have not reached.

1. **Intake.** Identify the issue or PR number and what the user wants.

>    If no work exists yet for the issue (no branch, no PR), read `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/resources/intake.md`, which points to `rules/inaugurate.md` for the fresh-start protocol.

Author: Do rules files need to be mentioned? How is this helpful?

2. **Dispatch the Author.** Read `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/resources/dispatch-author.md`.
   Dispatch the `author` agent, using the briefing template at `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/templates/author-brief.md` to compose its instructions.
   The template is a closed parameter list; fill every field and add nothing outside it.

>    This is how the plugin keeps you from over-sharing context that would bias the sub-agent.

Author: These three lines, plus the matching Reviewer line, seem unnecessary. Shouldn’t they be in the dispatch*.md files?
